PROJ-121 : UDP TCP table (#68)
SW805F20/report: sections/sprint-4/networking-updates.tex

As one of the focuses for the project is creating a networking solution capable of continuously updating positional data as quickly as possible, this is not an ideal solution for transmitting the data when the game is being played.
\begin{table}[h!]
    \begin{tabular}{|l|l|l|l|}
        \hline
            & Plus                                                                                                            & Minus                                                                                                                         & Interesting                                                                                                                                                             \\ \hline
        TCP & \begin{tabular}[c]{@{}l@{}}Reliable\\ Built in acknowledgements\\ Two way communication\end{tabular}            & \begin{tabular}[c]{@{}l@{}}Slower than UDP\\ More overhead because\\  of reliability and\\ two way communication\end{tabular} & \begin{tabular}[c]{@{}l@{}}For critical messages that concern \\ the state of the game TCP can \\ confirm if all players have received \\ the update.\end{tabular}      \\ \hline

>         UDP & \begin{tabular}[c]{@{}l@{}}Faster than TCP\\ Less overhead because it's a \\ one way communication\end{tabular} & \begin{tabular}[c]{@{}l@{}}Not as reliable\\ No built in \\ aknowledgements\end{tabular}                                      & \begin{tabular}[c]{@{}l@{}}Because UDP doesn't check if \\ the clients have recieved the \\ correct packages it can send \\ updates a lot faster than TCP.\end{tabular} \\ \hline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        UDP & \begin{tabular}[c]{@{}l@{}}Faster than TCP\\ Less overhead because it is a \\ one way communication\end{tabular} & \begin{tabular}[c]{@{}l@{}}Not as reliable\\ No built in \\ aknowledgements\end{tabular}                                      & \begin{tabular}[c]{@{}l@{}}Because UDP does not check if \\ the clients have recieved the \\ correct packages it can send \\ updates a lot faster than TCP.\end{tabular} \\ \hline
```

>         UDP & \begin{tabular}[c]{@{}l@{}}Faster than TCP\\ Less overhead because it is a \\ one way communication\end{tabular} & \begin{tabular}[c]{@{}l@{}}Not as reliable\\ No built in \\ aknowledgements\end{tabular}                                      & \begin{tabular}[c]{@{}l@{}}Because UDP does not check if \\ the clients have recieved the \\ correct packages it can send \\ updates a lot faster than TCP.\end{tabular} \\ \hline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        UDP & \begin{tabular}[c]{@{}l@{}}Faster than TCP\\ Less overhead because it is a \\ one way communication\end{tabular} & \begin{tabular}[c]{@{}l@{}}Not as reliable\\ No built in \\ acknowledgements\end{tabular}                                      & \begin{tabular}[c]{@{}l@{}}Because UDP does not check if \\ the clients have received the \\ correct packages it can send \\ updates a lot faster than TCP.\end{tabular} \\ \hline
```
